GitHub

GitHub is a web-based Git or version control repository and Internet hosting service.
 It is mostly used for code. It offers all of the distributed version control and source code management functionalitys


Developer

$7 per month

Includes:
Personal account
Unlimited public repositories
Unlimited private repositories
Unlimited collaborators
Free for students as part of the Student Developer Pack.



Team $9 per user / month

Includes:
Organization account
Unlimited public repositories
Unlimited private repositories
Team and user permissions
Starting at $25 / month which includes your first 5 users.

Business

$21 per user / month

Hosted on
GitHub.com
Organization account
SAML single sign-on
Access provisioning
24/5 support with 8-hour response time
99.95% Uptime SLA
Team sync (Coming 2017)
Get started

GitHub Enterprise $21 * per user / month

Multiple organizations
SAML, LDAP, and CAS
Access provisioning
24/7 support for urgent issues
Advanced auditing
Host on your servers, AWS, Azure, or GCP

Fork


A fork is a copy of a repository. Forking a repository allows you to freely experiment with changes without affecting the original project.
 Most commonly, forks are used to either propose changes to someone else's project or to use someone else's project as a starting point for your own idea

Pull request

Pull requests let you tell others about changes you've pushed to a GitHub repository.

Once you've created a pull request, you can push commits from your topic branch to add them to your existing pull request.
These commits will appear in chronological order within your pull request and the changes will be visible in the "Files changed" tab.
Other contributors can review your proposed changes, add review comments, contribute to the pull request discussion, 
and even add commits to the pull request.
After you're happy with the proposed changes, you can merge the pull request. 
If you're working in a shared repository model, 
the proposed changes will be merged from the head branch to the base branch that was specified in the pull request.
You can close corresponding issues using a keyword in your pull request or commit message. For more information,
see "Closing issues using keywords."